Add dbg_optnone and dbg_extend_lifetimes flags (#7764)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/troubleshoot.rst

* When debug is enabled, inlining of functions at LLVM IR level is disabled.

JIT options for debug
---------------------

* ``debug`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to enable debug info. Defaults to ``False``.
* ``_dbg_optnone`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to disable all LLVM optimization passes 
  on the function. Defaults to ``False``. See :envvar:`NUMBA_OPT` for a global setting
  to disable optimization.

> * ``_dbg_extend_lifetimes`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to extend the lifetime of objects such that they more closely follow the semantics of Python. Automatically set to ``True`` when 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``_dbg_extend_lifetimes`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to extend the lifetime of
  objects such that they more closely follow the semantics of Python.
  Automatically set to ``True`` when 
```
suggest line wrap.

* When debug is enabled, inlining of functions at LLVM IR level is disabled.

JIT options for debug
---------------------

* ``debug`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to enable debug info. Defaults to ``False``.
* ``_dbg_optnone`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to disable all LLVM optimization passes 
  on the function. Defaults to ``False``. See :envvar:`NUMBA_OPT` for a global setting
  to disable optimization.
* ``_dbg_extend_lifetimes`` (bool). Set to ``True`` to extend object lifetimes to match 
  closer to Python semantic for the function. Automatically set to ``True`` when 
  ``debug=True``; otherwise, defaults to ``False``. Users can explicitly set this option 

>   to ``False`` to retain  semantic of normal execution of compiled code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to ``False`` to retain the normal execution semantics of compiled code.
```
